{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear editor,\
\
Thank you for your consideration.  As to why we chose to submit to PRL, we are convinced that the topics covered in the paper are of interest and fundamental significance to all physicists.\
\
It is a well known fact that the basic equation of quantum mechanics, namely, the Schr\'f6dinger equation, is a linear equation.  This has been experimentally confirmed to extreme accuracy.  It is recognized that classical mechanics can only emerge when nonlinearities are introduced into the Schr\'f6dinger equation.  Also, it has recently been pointed out that classical mechanics can be formulated as a kind of nonlinear version of quantum mechanics in the form of a classical wave equation.  In their paper concerning the origin of the Schr\'f6dinger equation, Schleich et al. argue that to recover quantum theory an elimination of any nonlinearity in the governing wave equation is necessary.  While this argument was definitely an influence on our work we did not intend for our work to seem like an extension of Schleich et al.\'92s.  Their paper explores the origin of the Schr\'f6dinger equation while ours explores its linearity and the transition between classical and quantum mechanics.  We simply introduced Schleich et al.\'92s argument as a way to motivate the manipulation of the nonlinearity in the classical wave equation.  We did not and do not intend to comment on the true origin of the Schr\'f6dinger equation.  We show that the concept of the linearity of the Schr\'f6dinger equation and quantum mechanics has subtleties.  A nonlinearity introduced into the Schr\'f6dinger equation can actually perfectly preserve the linear character of quantum mechanics.  Further, this linear behavior doggedly remains for all but one singular instance of the classical wave equation.\
\
We think that something that touches the linear character of quantum physics is of broad interest because it touches the fundamental Schr\'f6dinger equation used by every physicists. This is the reason why we submitted our manuscript to your journal.\
\
Sincerely,\
Chris}